README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# shlr (basically shell scripts but with comments)

</div>

## What is this?

This is a wrapper around normal shell scripts, it lets you define targets 
give them dependencies and run them, all through writing comments in a normal
shell script.

Think of it like Makefile but instead of being file based it's task based and 
written in a normal shell script. Instead of creating a file for each target 
when doing normal shell scripts, you can do it all in one file.

## How does it look like?
You define a file called `shlrfile.sh` and here you can define your targets
and write normal shell code.
```bash
# you can define a global 'runblock'
# all this does is run for every single target
# you can define global variables or functions here
cc="gcc"
bindir="bin"
srcfile="main.c"

# targets are defined by a comment starting with 'targ' followed by a name
# you can add dependencies with 'depends' followed by a list of targets 
# (separated by spaces)

# targ build
# depends clean prebuild
$(cc) $(srcfile) -o $(bindir)/main
# endtarg

# targ prebuild
mkdir -p $(bindir)
# endtarg

# targ clean
rm $(bindir)/main
# endtarg

# you have to end every target with 'endtarg'

```
Now that you've defined your targets you can run them with `shlr <target>`
or just want to run the first target do `shlr`

Commit message:

make the build script verbose with set -x

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# shlr (basically shell scripts but with comments)

</div>

## What is this?

This is a wrapper around normal shell scripts, it lets you define targets 
give them dependencies and run them, all through writing comments in a normal
shell script.

Think of it like Makefile but instead of being file based it's task based and 
written in a normal shell script. Instead of creating a file for each target 
when doing normal shell scripts, you can do it all in one file.

## How does it look like?
You define a file called `shlrfile.sh` and here you can define your targets
and write normal shell code.
```bash
# you can define a global 'runblock'
# all this does is run for every single target
# you can define global variables or functions here
cc="gcc"
bindir="bin"
srcfile="main.c"

# would you like to make your targets verbose
# then you could add a 
# set -x or set -v at the end of the global 'runblock'

# targets are defined by a comment starting with 'targ' followed by a name
# you can add dependencies with 'depends' followed by a list of targets 
# (separated by spaces)

# targ build
# depends clean prebuild
$(cc) $(srcfile) -o $(bindir)/main
# endtarg

# targ prebuild
mkdir -p $(bindir)
# endtarg

# targ clean
rm $(bindir)/main
# endtarg

# you have to end every target with 'endtarg'

```
Now that you've defined your targets you can run them with `shlr <target>`
or just want to run the first target do `shlr`
